Just jumped on to add the list of actors and saw that you had uploaded the use case diagrams already! They look on point to what we had discussed today! Awesome job!

Have a great 4th of July, and see you guys next week.

-Mitch

I just tried it and and it let me do it on my laptop.
CJ

Everything looks good so far. Do we want to make a link between the Admin and the Quote system? 
"there will be an administrative interface to maintain sales associate and quote information"
Also, how about a link between the Admin and a query quotes?
"It also allows to search and view quotes based on status (finalized, sanctioned, ordered), date range, sales associate, and customer."

Enjoy the long weekend
CJ

An other thing to look at as well is how specific we want the "use cases" to be. Say for example the edit quote use case. 
Do we want to leave it at edit quotes or break it down to the each individual options?
JA

Hey guys, I'll be working on the use case tomorrow and Saturday cause I'll finally have some downtime to sit down and knock it out. Have a great weekend guys.

-MM

I just uploaded the Admin use case. Let me know if you think I made it to detailed. Also I was wondering do we go to end when we are done with a search or do we have them go back to a main menu and then logout takes them to the end?
CJ

I just uploaded the files for sanctioning a quote. Please let me know if it makes sense, or if you would like to see any modifications made. I tried to keep it relatively straight to the point. I will go ahead and do the quote to purchase order tomorrow since that is pretty straight forward.

CJ I just checked out yours and it looks good (you must have used visio hahaha!) I think we could prompt the user to search again or return to the menu if no other searches are needed. Whatever you guys think makes sense.

-MM

Morning guys,
Just got done looking over both the diagrams.They look good. I did have a couple things
Admin diagram:
Yeah I agree we should have it go back to a main menu at the end of each task and have a logout option there instead of ending the system.
I noticed in a couple location it has a decision go to an other decision. I wonder if a merge my be a better reprensentation of what is happening at that point.

Sanction diagram:
It starts with the associate entering the quote number. How does the associate get the number? Would it be better if the system displayed the current finailized quote for the associate to choose from.
At "System prompts for user confirmation" you have 2 arrow coming out.  We should probably have just one arrow that come out to a decision
Also at the end at "Prompt user enter a new quote number or exit" you have it going to just end. Probably should have a decision that goes back up to the "Sales Associate enters quote number" and to "exit"

-JA

Hey guys,

I updated the sanction quote diagram and use case to make it more streamlined. Thank you for the suggestions John. Let me know if it makes more sense now.

Also, the quote to purchase order use case and diagram has been completed and uploaded. It is pretty straightforward. Let me know what you guys think.

Hope you guys are having a great weekend,

-MM

I have updated the Admin folder and have added the Actor table.
CJ

Awesome! Thanks CJ!

I have updated both the sanction and quote->po use cases and diagrams. In the sanction diagram I only did "edit" since adding lines, removing lines, discounts and notes would be considered "text edits" in my opinion. I broke it down even further with decision tress, but simplified the whole process. Mainly based off of our in class example. Let me know what you think if it makes sense or if there should be any additions.

I will be working on the powerpoint tomorrow night, so let me know if we need to make any last minute changes to any use cases or diagrams.

-MM
